docs: add Hugging Face Inference Providers documentation (#3505)
anomalyco/opencode: packages/web/src/content/docs/providers.mdx

4. Run the `/models` command to select the one you want.

---

### Hugging Face

[Hugging Face Inference Providers](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-providers) provides access to open models supported by 17+ providers.

> 1. Head over to [Hugging Face settings](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens), click **Create new token**. Ensure you create a token with permission to make calls to Inference Providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Head over to [Hugging Face settings](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens/new?ownUserPermissions=inference.serverless.write&tokenType=fineGrained) to create a token with permission to make calls to Inference Providers.
```
